you
oh and the name of all five steals
aboard the ship in the past and this
name of all who sail aboard her in the
future we invoke the ancient gods of the
wind and the sea to favor us with their
blessing today mighty neptune king of
all that moves in or on the waves and
mighty areola guardian of the wind all
that blows before them we offer you our
thanks the protection you have afforded
this vessel in the past we voice our
gratitude that she has always found
shelter from tampa sandstorm and enjoyed
safe passage to court now wherefore we
submit this application that the name
whereby this vessel has Heather been
known you you for me at three be struck
and removed from your records for that
we ask that when she is again presented
for blessing with another name she shall
be recognized as shall be accorded once
again the safe same privilege previously
enjoyed in return for which we
rededicate this vessel to yard domain
and full knowledge that she shall be
subject as always to the immutable laws
of the gods of the wind of the state and
consequence that we're aware of and in
good faith we seal this pact with a
libation offered according to the
hallowed ritual of the sea ok after the
boat is d named you simply need to
rename her using a traditional
christening ceremony preferably with
Queen Elizabeth breaking a bottle of
champagne on the phone saying the words
I name this ship fathom this and may she
bring fair winds and good fortune to all
to sail on her and that's it that's
better than Queen Elizabeth Oh take this
down here down the road look back up
yeah ok am i doing wait stoop down wait
wait wait put up a bit okay go ahead
Olli and go hard part 1 2 3 mar
hard but myself the perfect bone broker
told me so
ki rani then it's time to go auto pilot
water maker wind power generator radar
win babe well the facts erling main food
against cost so much trying to be free
he ran into the abyss sunny and see all
those off tomorrow cruising when I paid
for all this stuff
learning top slice a lion and he blew
the game
but a cirrus cloud why you gotta read
the poker game gotta get my captain's
papers learn to be cams nature am
licensed these cares say the fiberglass
we can watch it on my videos reading
magazine and going to the seminars they
run that Westar eat all those courses
office I'm almost ready now tomorrow
cruising I hope I still know how to
borrow to borrow tomorrow tomorrow
Tempus Fugit don't you lose
Oh
tomorrow I lose in I've told everyone i
know they smile and nod politely they
don't believe
got a sound card house yes I should
convince my spouse to tires shut the
door in skins to teach my children have
stampa finally victims and move down on
their own free love an empty nest makes
my head spin to my book cruising for
they do back
tomorrow I cruise in what I've worked
for details out and do da way boys on my
five years draft research boat and
health insurance and mail forwarding
service find someone to handle bales see
the lawyer update with two years to get
ready turns to breathe important I'm
pretty sure will screw survive
Yahoo ready hey Emily tuba tomorrow
cruising provided on not dead
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow not
today then tomorrow x one may account
for all stock reviews and just go
cruising go
raise your sales
you